<h1>Full-Stack AI Image Generation & Article Summarization App</h1>

<a href="https://visualyestudio.com/">https://visualyestudio.com/</a>
<br></br>
<h3>This is a full-stack  web application that showcases imaginative and visually stunning images generated by DALL-E AI. Users can browse through the images, search for specific images, and download them. The app is built using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, React, Node.js)<h3>


<h2>Features:</h2>

•AI-generated image creation through the use of natural language prompts
  
•Browse through a collection of all images generated by other users.
  
•Search for specific images using keywords.
  
•Download images with a single click.

<h2>Technologies Used: </h2>

•MongoDB for database management

•Express.js for server-side routing and middleware

•React for the front-end user interface

•Node.js for server-side JavaScript runtime environment
  
•Tailwind CSS for styling

•Cloudinary for image storage

<h2>New Feature: Summarize Article with AI. Apr.22.2024</h2>
•In addition to generating visually stunning images, this full-stack AI web application now has a new page: Article Summarization using AI. With this feature, users can input a lengthy article and receive a summarized version, making it easier to quickly grasp the main ideas and key points.

The article summarization feature is built using React and Tailwind CSS, providing a clean and intuitive user interface. Users can simply input the article URL or copy and paste the text into the input field, and the AI will generate a concise summary.
